feat: add an "ipfs diag profile" command (#8291)
ipfs/go-ipfs: docs/debug-guide.md

being weird), the first thing you want to do is gather all the relevant
profiling information.

There's a command (`ipfs diag profile`) that will do this for you and

> bundle the results up into a zip file, ready to be attached to a bug report.

Reviewer: I assume we're doing zips because either they're more cross platform friendly or the Go tooling is better, right?

Author: All of the above:

1. Can be uploaded to slack etc.
2. Can be _streamed_. With a tarfile, I need to know the sizes of files up-front before I can write them. With a zipfile, I can create a file, write it, create the next file, etc. without buffering anything.

> 

Reviewer: While we're in this file anyway it might be worth throwing in a link to https://github.com/whyrusleeping/stackparse. There's no need to since the tool is pretty alpha and has no readme, but it's something we make use of and others might want to also.

over a few minutes, that either means that goroutine doesn't do much, or
something is pretty wrong.

> If you're seeing a lot of goroutines, conside rusing
> [stackparse](https://github.com/whyrusleeping/stackparse) to filter, sort, and summarize them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're seeing a lot of goroutines, consider using
[stackparse](https://github.com/whyrusleeping/stackparse) to filter, sort, and summarize them.
```
